Include instructions for setting up hierarchical team relationships f… (#38661)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/teams/_index.md

If you have teams with existing members, picking the SAML strict option overrides your settings and removes team members from those teams. Picking the All Sources option preserves existing memberships. To manage teams and team membership using SAML attributes, see [Map SAML attributes to Teams][4].

> ## Hierarchies for Teams Map

Reviewer: Vale flags this heading for sentence-style capitalization, but I'd settle the product name before changing anything. #38660 uses both forms in a single sentence — "Build a Teams map" (lowercase) and "[Teams Map]" (capitalized) — so the name is genuinely unsettled across these two PRs. Whichever you pick should be applied consistently in both.

Separately, worth considering a more action-oriented heading like `Set up team hierarchies`, which tells readers what they can do here rather than naming a concept.

To build your Teams Map, you must define hierarchical relationships between teams. This is done in a few ways:

> 1. **Github Teams**: If you used GitHub to set up your Datadog Teams, and you have GitHub Teams Hierarchies set up, those team links are automatically synced to Datadog during provisioning and displayed in your Teams Map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **GitHub Teams**: If you used GitHub to set up your Datadog Teams, and you have GitHub Teams Hierarchies set up, those team links are automatically synced to Datadog during provisioning and displayed in your Teams Map
```

1. [Teams API][39]
1. **Terraform**
1. Directly in the **Datadog UI**
   1. On the [team directory page][1], click on the team to which you'd like to add a subteam or parent team relationship
   1. In the **Info** tab of the team page, click edit on the **Hierarchy** section

>    1. Select the parent or child teams associated with the team and click save

Reviewer: The structure of this list needs rework. Four things:

- **Two of the four methods give the reader nothing.** `[Teams API][39]` is a bare link with no explanation, and `**Terraform**` has neither a link nor an explanation. Someone who wants the Terraform path is stuck. Compare item 1, which gets a full sentence.
- **A numbered list implies sequence.** These are four alternative methods, so they should be bulleted. The nested UI steps *are* sequential and should stay numbered.
- **`Github` should be `GitHub`** (Vale flags this).
- **Mixed punctuation and parallelism**: item 1 is a full sentence with no period; "Directly in the **Datadog UI**" breaks parallel structure with the other items, which are named methods.

Also: this page uses the `{{< ui >}}` shortcode for UI elements 17 times (see lines 59-60), but the new content uses `**bold**`. And `click on the team` should be `click the team`, `This is done in a few ways` is passive before a list of exactly four, and `click edit` / `click save` need capitalized UI treatment.

Also! The Terraform item needs a real link to the relevant provider resource.

```suggestion
You can define these relationships in four ways:

- **GitHub Teams**: If you used GitHub to set up your Datadog Teams and have GitHub team hierarchies configured, those team links sync to Datadog automatically during provisioning and appear in your Teams map.
- **Teams API**: See [Create a team link][39].
- **Terraform**: Use the Datadog Terraform provider.
- **Datadog UI**: Define relationships directly on a team's page:
   1. On the [team directory page][1], click the team you want to add a subteam or parent team relationship to.
   1. In the {{< ui >}}Info{{< /ui >}} tab of the team page, click {{< ui >}}Edit{{< /ui >}} in the {{< ui >}}Hierarchy{{< /ui >}} section.
   1. Select the parent or child teams associated with the team, then click {{< ui >}}Save{{< /ui >}}.
```

> As you set up hierarchies, to explore and verify the full map of all teams in your organization, visit the [Teams Map][40] in the Datadog Internal Developer Portal (IDP).

Reviewer: Three items here:

- This sentence is duplicated near-verbatim in #38660 (line 85 of `manage.md`). See the consolidation note in the review body. Most likely this whole section moves there and this line goes away.
- 30 words with two stacked adverbial phrases up front ("As you set up hierarchies, to explore and verify..."). Also `(IDP)` is expanded and never reused on the page, so the parenthetical can go.

```suggestion
To explore and verify the full map of all teams in your organization, see the [Teams Map][40] in the Datadog Internal Developer Portal.
```

> As you set up hierarchies, to explore and verify the full map of all teams in your organization, visit the [Teams Map][40] in the Datadog Internal Developer Portal (IDP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you set up hierarchies, to explore and verify the full map of all teams in your organization, see the [Teams Map][40] in the Datadog Internal Developer Portal (IDP).
```

[35]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/notification-rules
[36]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/suppressions
[37]: https://app.datadoghq.com/sheets
[38]: https://app.datadoghq.com/workflow
[39]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/teams/create-a-team-link/

> [40]: https://app.datadoghq.com/software?env=%2A&fromUser=true&refresh_mode=sliding&selectedComponent=team&start=1785444148521&end=1785447748521

Reviewer: Two reference-definition issues:

`[40]` has a hardcoded one-hour time window. The `start` and `end` values decode to **2026-07-30 20:42:28 → 21:42:28 UTC**, so every reader who clicks it is pinned to that single hour, permanently. `fromUser=true`, `refresh_mode=sliding`, and `selectedComponent=team` are also copy-paste artifacts from a browser session. A clean app link without the query string is what's needed. The identical URL appears as `[7]` in #38660, so both need fixing.

`[39]` should be relative. This file uses relative paths for docs links (for example `[3]: /account_management/teams/manage/` and `[9]: /internal_developer_portal/catalog/entity_model/`). Of 40 reference definitions, this new one is the only absolute `docs.datadoghq.com` link. The URL itself resolves fine.

```suggestion
[39]: /api/latest/teams/create-a-team-link/
```
